Welcome back.
Whether you know it or not you can now spot object oriented programming in the wild.
For example if you've ever used we act as a front end library you can see some sample code here and
how they've used.
Object Oriented Programming principles.
We can now look at the code and understand a lot better.
Right for example we have a toggle class that we create that extends react dot component react dot component
is something that comes from the REACT team.
They've built this class that has all these features for us so that while we can use things like render
that comes automatically for us so that we can run code like this.
And our application gets rendered.
So we're using somebody else's code and we're extending react component and using the base functionality
there to add our own little features.
We have constructors that will receive props.
We have state which is the state of our toggle class as you can see we have an object with is toggle
honest true.
And then we create our own methods on this class such as handling the click and then at the end we return
a button that well is a toggle button and we also see here how we have the bind over here.
And we've talked about this right because this is what we call a callback function.
That is when we run handle click we want this dot set St..
The this keyword to refer to the toggle class and not the actual button that we click in here.
We have to bind it that is I'm telling hey this dot handle click.
I want you to bind to the toggle class so that when I do this dot handle click a method on this property
that this keyword is referring to the class and not the actual button clicked on it and although this
is just an example you can now understand and notice when Object Oriented Programming principles are
used in libraries frameworks and any other code written by somebody else.
And trust me object oriented programming is everywhere.
And now that you have the skills you're going to understand it and you're gonna notice it more and more
out in the wild so start exploring the library and framework world and see if you can notice any patterns
that we've learned so far.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye.